Tsadrekha was a mote amidst the darkness. The planet wore an artificial halo of wreckage, a sprawling veil of blasted warships and ravaged defence platforms that extended for many miles. Some of the butchered hulks still crawled with voidfire, or trailed fat sparks as they drifted. 
  Out beyond the fringes of the stellar abattoir, reality flickered. Oily streamers of light flowed into screaming faces and monstrous shapes that were gone as swiftly as they appeared. The disturbance grew, clawing and ripping at the fabric of real space until it tore like flesh. Hellish light spilled from many wounds. The ships of Excrucias’ fleet surged with their drives lit and their gun decks unshrouded. 
  Dozens of craft thundered from the warp, trailing ectoplasmic streamers of anger and sorrow, regret and lust that burned away in the harsh light of the real. Captained by supremely skilled warriors, the warships fell swiftly into formations as elegant as they were deadly. 
  They arced away towards the distant planet, leaving behind them a ragged swathe of torn reality and writhing warpstuff that would not heal as it should. 
  Kassar sat upon a grotesque chaise longue fashioned from gold, glass and living flesh. He and the warriors of his Harrow were surrounded by deranged opulence, from marble flooring and mats of human skin, to garish works of art framed in gold and painted with noisome substances Kassar didn’t care to identify. 
  Electro-candle chandeliers dangled from a vaulted ceiling busy with obscene frescoes. Weird furnishings and objets d’art made from precious metals, sinew and bone thronged the room. 
  When they had first been led to their quarters, Haltheus had looked at his comrades’ dusty, battered armour and laughed dryly at the contrast. Yet for all its grandeur, as the door slid closed and locked firmly behind them, the Alpha Legionnaires had recognised their prison cell for what it was. 
  The opulence, though distasteful, hadn’t troubled Kassar overly. After having his warriors subtly rearrange the room’s furnishings for optimum cover in the event that their hosts turned on them, he had simply ignored it. 
  By Kassar’s count, the door had closed seventeen days, six hours and twenty-three minutes ago. It had opened since only to admit robed menials who brought excessive feasts, and bore away the mostly untouched and rotting foodstuffs from the day before. 
  Beyond sparring and tending to their wargear, there had been little to occupy the Unsung during their enforced captivity. Yet they had not been idle. 
 ‘Did you feel that?’ asked D’sakh, the Harrow’s vexillor, idly spinning one of his foot-long knives between his fingers. 
 ‘Pressure change,’ nodded Kassar. ‘Empyric shift.’
 ‘Warp translation,’ said Makhor, seated nearby at a table of jade and gold. He slotted the magazine back into his bolt pistol and sighted down its barrel before giving a grunt of satisfaction. 
  The thump and whine of heavy footfalls announced Ges’khir, the Harrow’s last surviving Terminator. Ges’khir had not removed any section of his spiked armour for many years now. Kassar doubted he still could. 
 ‘Our wait is over,’ said the Terminator, his voice rumbling from his helm’s vox emitter. 
 ‘Or this is simply a brief halt to regather the fleet, and account for empyric drift,’ said Makhor. ‘We do not know that we have reached our destination.’
 ‘Ever the voice of optimism,’ said D’sakh sourly. 
 ‘I would be a poor naysmith, were that the case,’ said Makhor without rancour. 
 ‘True enough,’ said Kassar. ‘But…’ With a thought, he sent a complex string of clicks through the Harrow’s encoded vox-channel. A signal in their own private battle cant, serpenta. 
   ‘Continue with your tasks. Converse in fourth cypher. Information exchange.’ 
  Clicks of acknowledgement came back from the Harrow, who continued to spar, check weapons or give the appearance of meditation. 
  Just sixteen of them now. Kassar could remember when the Harrow had stood at a full century, proud and determined to do the prim arch’s bidding. Hundreds of years 43
  had passed, but still he saw them clearly in his mind’s eye. 
  Kassar never forgot anything. He had not decided whether that was a blessing or a curse. 
  Kassar mentally assessed them, gauged their readiness. 
  His brothers, still alive. To the untrained eye, most of them were indistinguish able. They bore the same markings and insignia, eschewing almost all personal honours, while unhelmed their features were – for the most part – eerily alike. 
  Kassar knew them all, though, down to the last nuance and detail. 
  Haltheus and A’khassor, the Harrow’s Techmarine and Apothecary, both brothers serving in roles that necessity had forced upon them. 
  The twins, Phaek’or and Phalk’ir, one brooding over his disassembled heavy bolter, the other squatting on his haunches with a slight smirk as he whetted his blade. 
  Skaryth, the Scout, in his tally-scored armour, and Sha’dor, the sword fighter. 
  Skarle, broken in mind, cradling his flamer and chuckling at some incomprehensible jest. 
  Thelgh, the silent sniper, seated cross-legged in his meditation pentagram. 
  Ulkhur and Reskh, adepts in demolition and linguistics respectively. 
  Kyphas, the black-eyed spymaster. 
  D’sakh, the bladed vexillor. 
  Makhor, the naysmith. 
  Finally, looming at the edges of the gathering, Ges’khir and Krowl, the Harrow’s blunt instruments of destruction. 
  Kassar nodded slowly to them all. Their captors, no doubt watching and listening, would see only a nod. Yet 44
  the Harrow had already begun their conversation. Serpenta was a private language not only of vox clicks and hisses, but also of coded words, gestures and nuanced posture, whose meanings were in turn determined by the numbered cypher chosen for the conversation. Developed over long centuries, Kassar prided himself that it was every bit as versatile a communication tool as unfettered speech, and utterly beyond even the most devious mind to decipher. 
  When the Harrow spoke in serpenta, their words were for them alone. 
 ‘This captivity chafes,’ said Kassar. ‘I long for battle.’ His brothers saw and heard a different utterance entirely. 
   ‘We’ve broken warp. What do we know?’
  Kyphas indicated that he would answer first, and Kassar acknow ledged with a meaningless verbal platitude about attending to the spirits of their wargear. 
   ‘When last the servants came,’ began Kyphas, ‘ I expanded my influence upon them. Hypnotic suggestion and subvocalised interrogation.’
   ‘You were careful, yes?’ asked A’khassor. The Apothecary appeared, to outside observers, to be talking about the sanctity of the gene-seed canisters he bore upon his belt. 
   ‘I know my work, as you know yours,’ replied Kyphas stiffly. 
   ‘The slaves have no notion that they answered my interroga-tions, and will have given no outward indication of doing so.’ 
   ‘What did you learn?’ asked Kassar. 
 ‘ They indicated a belief that we were nearing our destination,’ 
  said Kyphas. ‘And intimated that their master was greatly agitated by the prospect. It seems that Excrucias is not the only warlord of the gods who seeks to claim this world of Tsadrekha.’
   ‘Why have you waited until now to tell us this?’ asked D’sakh. 
  Kyphas made a dismissive gesture. 
   ‘Secrets are as precious as bolt shells, knife-bearer. They should be stockpiled carefully.’
  D’sakh bristled, but Kassar shifted to a posture that fore-stalled further antagonism. 
 ‘ Anything else, Kyphas?’ he asked. ‘A dead man with a full clip is still dead.’
   ‘They speak of a time of glory,’ replied the former spymaster. ‘They claim that Abaddon has broken Cadia. That the warp is spilling through the skin of reality like a flood tide, and that the victory of the Chaos Gods draws nigh. They talk of a great rift, and a pall of darkness.’
   ‘Broken Cadia?’ exclaimed Makhor. ‘You are sure of this? 
   The pretender has been beating upon that door for millennia!’
   ‘It is what they said,’ confirmed Kyphas. 
   ‘The rift again,’ said Kassar thoughtfully. ‘Excrucias spoke briefly of it before we departed Bloodforge. What has happened to the galaxy in our absence?’
   ‘A great deal, clearly,’ replied smirking Phalk’ir. ‘ You stranded us on that rock for too long, Kassar.’
   ‘Know your place,’ gestured D’sakh, his finely inscribed blade spinning to a sudden stop in his fist. Phalk’ir inclined his head in a gesture of deference, but his smirk remained. 
 ‘Skarle feels a shifting,’ said Skarle suddenly, making no effort to converse in serpenta. ‘Skarle feels a slowing. This ship decelerates. We have got where we are going.’
  His piece said, Skarle stifled a snort of laughter. Kassar saw the looks that passed between the Harrow and understood them. Yet Skarle could still fight, still followed orders. He was still useful, and he was one of so very few brothers left. 
   ‘Haltheus,’ said Kassar. ‘Skarle is right, we’re slowing down. 
   While there’s time, what can your data daemons tell us?’
   ‘I’ve recalled them,’ said Haltheus. ‘But don’t expect miracles. 
   This ship is hideously corrupt. Its machine-spirit is ancient and evil, Heresy era and absolutely seething with Slaaneshi taint.’
   ‘We don’t need data daemons to tell us that much,’ said Skaryth, garnering a snort of amusement from Ges’khir. 
   ‘Context, brother,’ said Haltheus. ‘I’m explaining why barely half my familiars have made it back intact. Hostile environment. ’ 
   ‘The ship detected the others?’ asked Kassar in alarm, but Haltheus made a gesture of reassurance. 
   ‘I’m not some fumbling Imperial tech-babbler,’ he said. ‘Any of my helpers that got entangled or cornered, they self- immolated. 
   No trace, no indication of foul play.’
   ‘Good,’ said D’sakh. ‘So what did the survivors find?’
   ‘Fragments were the best they could garner,’ said Haltheus. 
   ‘But I believe from astrogation data that we’re somewhere in the galactic north east. This craft obviously doesn’t utilise the Astronomican to navigate but…’ Haltheus paused as if working out how to express a particularly alien concept. 
   ‘But it seems impossible to detect,’ he said. 
  Kassar stiffened with shock. 
   ‘Is it gone, or are we just cut off from it? In either case, how can that be? Does that mean that Terra is gone as well, that the long war is at an end? Has the throneworld fallen?’
   ‘Unclear,’ replied Haltheus. ‘But seems unlikely. Our new 
   ‘allies’ surely would have been crowing such vast news from their highest towers, and it would be all over their dataspools and auto-chantries. No, I believe something else has occurred. 
   Perhaps something is blocking its light, warp storms and the like, or else the Emperor has withdrawn his guidance from his unworthy servants? Or maybe Abaddon has achieved more than merely breaking down the Cadian Gate, and has worked some artifice to blind our foes. Whatever the case, this region of the 47
   galaxy is shrouded in darkness. Nothing to indicate the direction of Terra whatsoever. Nothing for Imperial ships to steer by. 
   Except it seems that there is.’
  Kassar made another questioning gesture, demanding elaboration. 
   ‘One of my daemons scavenged fragmentary mentions of Tsadrekha. Somehow this planet is holding a spread of Imperial systems together using some form of psychic beacon.’
   ‘Impossible,’ said Makhor. ‘If the Imperials had that sort of technology they wouldn’t need the Astronomican.’
  Haltheus’ stance approximated a shrug. 
   ‘It’s what my data daemons picked up. Make of it what you will.’
  Kassar’s next question was interrupted by the sharp hiss of the chamber’s door sliding open. Through it marched a squad of Emperor’s Children clad in riotously coloured armour and dripping with furs and finery. The warriors wore helms whose vox grilles were hugely enlarged and ringed with fangs, the mouths of hideous daemonic lampreys. They bore sonic weaponry, and Kassar felt a tinnitus ache build behind his eyes at the mere presence of the deadly guns. At the head of the procession strode a haughty warrior with a high-crested helm and a flowing cloak of white fur. He looked straight at Kassar, even though his helm was eyeless, and made an imperious gesture. His voice sounded like a disharmonic choir fighting to be heard over one another’s wailing. 
 ‘You are to follow me. Lord Excrucias the Flawless demands your presence.’
